docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/dashboard.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Dashboard

> description: A comprehensive guide on how to use the Dashboard widgets in FlyPadOS3 for the FlyByWire A32NX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A comprehensive guide on how to use the Dashboard widgets in flyPadOS 3 for the FlyByWire A32NX.
```

branding
